W 11964379 apid versioning fa (#198)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-publish.adoc

[calloutlist]
. *Asset version*: The version number to be displayed in the *Version* section of the page that Anypoint Exchange creates for the project. For a description of this field, see <<asset-version>>.
. *API version*: The version number of the API specification. For a description of this field, see <<api-version>>.
*  the *Asset version* and *API version* fields are now pre-populated using the following criterion:

> ** If no version is defined in the API spec, the suggested asset version and API version fields are pre-filled with its default value: `1.0.0` and `v1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If no version is defined in the API spec, the suggested asset version and API version fields are populated with default values: `1.0.0` and `v1`.
```

> ** If the version define in the API spec matches asset version field recommendations (e.g `1.0.3`), the value is pre-filled in the asset version field, and the API version field is pre-filled with a `v` and the major asset version (e.g `v1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If the version defined in the API spec matches asset version field recommendations (for example, `1.0.3`), the value is pre-filled in the asset version field, and the API version field is pre-filled with a `v` and the major asset version (for example, `v1`).
```

** If the version defined in the API spec matches API version field recommendations (e.g `v2`), the value is pre-filled in the API version field, and the asset version field is pre-filled with its major value extracted (e.g `2.0.0`).

> ** If the version defined in the API spec is a different string (e.g `7.4`), the value is pre-filled in the API version field, the asset version field is pre-filled with its default value: `1.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If the version defined in the API spec is a different string (e.g `7.4`), the value is pre-filled in the API version field, and the asset version field is pre-filled with its default value: `1.0.0`.
```

** If the API has a version already published to Exchange (e.g `3.2.5`), when publishing a new version without changing the one defined in the API spec, the asset version field is pre-filled with its previous value incremented by one (e.g `3.2.6`), and the API version field stays the same.

> 

Reviewer 2: Since the change affects both API version and Asset version field, could we maybe add a specific section or move this to the Asset version or API Version specific sections below?

Reviewer 2: We can make this post-release
